***Some Background ...***

There is no better feeling than finding and working on a real world problem and solving it. It becomes challenging when one is working in that field and at the same time trying to learn/understand/solve problems in that field. In my case, I have been working in the financial industry for a long time. When I was not working on Algo Trading, I created an Algo Trading project (available in GitHub) and started plugging away. While working on that project, I found a professional developer opportunity to work on an Algo Trading application. I accepted the job and put my github activity on hold. I continued to work offline but couldn't publish anything on GitHub because that would be conflict of interest.

At my day job, I saw another team doing some cool things by taking orders and routing them to different markets using custom algorithms (smart order router - SOR). Their system was written in C++ and I was truly facinated the way were routing orders in microsecond latencies. I created another repo on GitHub and found a SOR research paper online and started working on an C++11 implementation. There was no conflict of interest with my day job nor I had access to what other team was doing. I worked on GH SOR for several months and then life hit me... I put the SOR project on-hold for some time. When I wanted to get back to it, I found out that my day job will add SOR functionality so SOR repo needs to be on hold (again). However, nothing was lost. I still learned enough on my own and now I am in a better position now then ever to help my day job add SOR capabilities.
